Emperor Zhan, did you remember to leave because you were injured?
Just like because it can't hurt me inside.
But it’s true that I couldn’t go to the big sky with King Zaido because of my injury.
You're talking nonsense again,
In short, you were injured because you saved me,
sorry.
Sister Burning, please promise me,
My injury must not be allowed to God's head,
Once it happens,
Hua Gun will be an adult. certainly.
That's right. I believed it.
I have something else to do, please go first.
Emperor Zhan, thank you for saving me.
Me I like you
I said I'm married
But you also blame him for looking down on you and not loving you
I'm still thinking of ways to divorce you.
Don't spread rumors here
It’s also infinite for me
But he can't divorce me
You, let's go
President one day you will understand
Who really likes you
What are you doing to save me?
This is about calendar
I'm far away from you and you don't add me
It’s not for the sake of the connection with Baitu Li’s family.
But I really like you
Don't talk about anyone
You are so strict